Add link to search syntax (#2042)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/reference/cli-reference/cli-ref-list.md

nuget list [search terms] [options]
```

> where the optional search terms will filter the displayed list. [Search terms](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/consume-packages/finding-and-choosing-packages#search-syntax) are applied to the names of packages, tags, and package descriptions just as they are when using them on nuget.org. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the optional search terms will filter the displayed list. [Search terms](../../consume-packages/finding-and-choosing-packages.md#search-syntax) are applied to the names of packages, tags, and package descriptions just as they are when using them on nuget.org. 
```

This will hopefully pass the docs validator.
